Hello guys and they'll come to one more lesson in the last lesson we started hearing our stuff shit
using the WB and Khusrau function inside the functions that BHB file.
In this lesson you're going to learn how to read.
Q Are scripts as I want this lesson to be very effective.
Let's learn how to think you both the style sheet and the bootstrap javascript file.
I think most of you already know what bootstrap is don't you.
But for those who have never heard of it bootstrapped as its name suggests is a kind of library that
makes the creation of responsive sites very easy as this course is not specific about bootstrap.
I will not teach details about it.
Despite this fact you end up knowing a lot about how this works as you move along to lessons.
You see that it's nothing out of this world.
OK.
In other Jeanne-Claude bootstrap we can use that same function we created in the previous lesson that
the code load underscores quips.
You need to include a CSSA file which is required and at least one javascript file that it's optional
and is used to include some bootstrap plugins like model boxes dropdown menus carousels two types and
many other things.
Although it's optional for learning purposes we're going to teach how to include the javascript file
in this lesson too.
Well you are half way there.
Since we already know how to include stylesheet now which include the javascript file within WordPress
that is the question.
But that's easy.
We are going to use a function much like the one we used in the last lesson.
WP style.
This time it will be called WP and the score in enqueue and the score script.
Now this function has its own set of arguments.
Let's go ahead and meet them.
The first parameter is the handle.
Let's call this Hindu bootstrap hyphen J.
S. And the second parameter is also the path on which the file can be found.
But unlike the example we used in the last lessoned related to a file that was inside a folder of our
own thing this time we can just IPN a link for the bootstrap javascript file to get this link Reagen
a visit the official bootstrap page and W W W does get bootstrap that come
let's click on getting started and here under QuickStart we have all the links we need for including
bootstrap.
The first one we are going to copy is the link for the javascript file as copy this link here.
Third one and paste inside single quotation marks into our code
again.
The third parameter is called dependency and pay close attention to this bit of code because here we
must type something out.
It cannot be empty.
And here's a quick explanation.
Bootstrap depends on J-curve to work.
That is it doesn't work.
If Joe equerry hasn't been loaded before it this way.
It depends on J query to indicate this.
Let's just IPN J.A.G. inside an array.
This instance of J Querrey that we are indicating comes from the Wordpress library itself.
Thus there is no need to write another line in queue.
And Jake varify WordPress has already done that for us.
You just need to call it here.
The first parameter is for the version that can type in the version of bootstrap here.
In our case as you are seen here the version will be 4 point 0 point or the first version in Bootstrap
for now the last parameter is very important.
It points out if you want to answered our javascript file within the foot tag before the closing of
the body tag or inside the Elkhead head tag.
What does it for.
Let's take another very practical example.
Everyone once in a lifetime needed to include the Google Analytics script on the site right.
Google always recommends that you include that script before the mail closing had tag.
But if you want we can use this less parameter and easily include scripts like Google Analytics.
Not before the close and hash tag.
But at the bottom of the page to do that the value of this parameter will be set to true.
Notice that by default its value is false.
WhatsApp will also be included on the footer.
So let's type in true here.
You can also include the bootstrap style sheet to make this process easier.
I'm going to copy the example we created in the last lesson and replaced the values were needed.
I am going to change the handle calling it bootstrap hyphens.
SS.
I'm going to copy this SS file link from the bootstrap site which is this one here.
There is no dependency this time.
The version is also for point 0.00 and this file also refers to all media types.
OK ready.
Now these new files will being cute together with our last license file.
We cannot check if our files are actually incudes.
I check the source code of our site and search for bootstrap and look.
We found this SS file.
Let's do a search now for the javascript file.
But how strange how come the javascript file is missing.
Well do you remember the WP had function we used in the last lesson.
There is a counterpart of it that we can include in the footer that speech be file and its name is W.P.
underscore footer.
It's open up the footer that should be file and add this function before the body and in tag.
Now look for the javascript file once again you see that it's being loaded at the end of the file as
we want it to be well that's all for this lesson and I hope you like it and the next lesson will be
testing out our first bootstrap classes so don't miss it.
And then by.